this is the productivity system that you
need if you want to hit your goals by
the end of 2024 over the next 5 minutes
I'm going to show you how I set my 12E
goals determine the inputs needed to
reach them and the app that I use to
keep track of it all let's check it out
first off full credit for these systems
goes to Matt Shields and Matthew larison
both are amazing dudes with Incredible
YouTube channels they'll be linked in
the description below so this is our
12we plan the 12we plan breaks down into
three major achievements you want to
completed by the end of 12 weeks for
each achievement you break it down week
by week so you've got 12 weeks going all
the way down here each week is broken
down into two major goals so goal one
and goal two you then break these goals
into four separate actions that you can
take so what are two actions for this
goal that I can take to reach it by the
end of the week so for launching and
scaling the company there's a number of
setup tasks to complete and I've got to
start Outreach and content around the
offer and get some Market feedback I
also want to be constantly learning
about what I'm doing so more research on
Shopify cro
and to complete that task I can find
courses and YouTube videos and study
them and I can test with Brands I've
worked with in the past these are the
first week of setting up this company
this is what I'm going to be involved in
doing so this is week one week two is
going to be the same but week three I'm
changing it up by week three I expect to
have all these task completed so now
I'll be moving on to scaling Outreach
that means I want to get two meetings
per week to do that I'll DM 50 prospects
and send 500 cold emails a day I will
follow up twice per week continue to
level up my knowledge again the same
finding courses on testing with existing
Brands I'll do this for 12 weeks and if
I do that for 12 weeks it is
unreasonable to believe that I will not
complete my main task of 10K a month the
same thing over here 1,000 Tik Tok and
YouTube followers number goal one for
the week is 2,000 short form views Ida
for an hour a week record for 1 hour
every day and post five videos a week th
long form views post two videos a week
and record for 1 hour every day this is
the same all the way down because this
is all it's going to be need to achieve
th000 Tik Tok YouTube followers by the
end of those 12 weeks and finally for me
it's stop being a fat piece of so
work out stick to three times a week
stay in a calorie deficit lose fat do
cardio every day and only eat meals
above bought from a meal prep company
this is your overall Guiding Light on
this whole journey this is where you
want to put your main goals and the
inputs you are going to need to take in
order to achieve those goals now in
order to make this easier to stick to
and to follow I'm going to show you the
app that I use that is made this way
easier and has allowed me to manage
multiple jobs and running an agency at
the same time this is motion
motion is an AI calendar and scheduler
it also is a project manager and a
booking system motion is incredibly
powerful but essentially what you want
to do with this is you want to schedule
out every single thing you're going to
do every single day you'll have a number
of non-negotiables and then you'll have
some tasks that notion will Auto
schedule for you that you'll set
deadlines for that you have to complete
within a certain time period so you can
essentially set the tasks you need to
complete for the first say two weeks of
your 12we plan and notion will Auto
schedule them for you and you can set
deadlines so that they will once they're
completed then they're taken off the
calendar some of these are scheduled to
take place at the same time every day so
every morning I'll wake up I'll exercise
I'll eat breakfast I will shower and
then after that I kind of have it set
that some of these are set as set times
so for instance every morning I will
wake up at 9:00 a.m. I will exercise I
will eat breakfast I will shower I will
complete some tasks inside client
Ascension where I'm the head expert
coach and then I'll write for half an
hour a day those things all take place
around the same time and they continue
on out these are the weekends so these
don't apply but those are set tasks that
I will complete at the same time every
single day everything after that these
along here for instance are all set up
to be tasks that notion will Auto
schedule for me so it will read my
calendar see what times I've things set
for and then arrange my day for me you
can also of course set the hours you
want to work time gaps before and after
events or tasks or meetings everything
like that now notion also works great
for teams it has a project management
system that essentially replaces
something like Trello so for instance in
here this is for my company Innovative
this is an order todos and a number of
completed tasks so you can see here uh a
number of things that we have to get
done and I can assign these to different
people and notion will Auto schedule
this on both my calendar and my
teammates calendar you also have your
private tasks that are just for you this
is where you'll set recurring tasks and
daily things you have to get through you
can organize them by priority you can
set the status whether they're completed
or not or if they're still in the to-do
section you can view this in a list view
like this or in a conbine view so you
can see what you have to move across for
instance I'm shooting YouTube content
right now so I can click in here I can
set it to completed click save and it'll
be removed from my list of tasks to
complete I'm going to go back to the
calendar that'll be gone so that's the
basic idea behind our Mark's completed
there you can see so over here on this
side is where you have your daily tasks
if so your past du on something for
instance you can resolve it by clicking
this it'll show you what you still have
to do you can either extend the deadline
or you can mark it as completed so this
is completed and this one I'm actually
going to extend the deadline on this on
until let's say Friday yep saved so now
that is no longer past the deadline so
then everything is completed and this
makes it super easy just to plan it your
day and get everything done on time over
here is the booking section this
essentially replaces an app like cly
something you would use to book people
in on a certain call you can even embed
it on your website or send people a link
for instance say I'm dming a prospect
and they're trying to figure out a time
that works for them and I want to tell
them when they're available to meet
instead of just sing the M linkage
should be kind of impersonal you can
actually generate a message in this
message you can set the date range of
which you're available until and then
it'll create this message here what any
these times work for a 30-minute meeting
and set the time zone and it'll give
them all the times you can even make the
time slots clickable so they can click
in them and book them directly or they
can book the page here overall notion is
an incredibly powerful tool that helps
keep you aligned with what you need to
do to reach your 12we goals it also
helps you realize that you're probably
not using all the erors of the day you
think you are you might think you worked
for six hours but if you were to
actually look and and think about what
you've done it was probably maybe on one
or two tasks whereas if you set specific
time blocks that say you have to do this
thing during this time and it's
completed you know that that's what you
did in that time frame it essentially
means that you've got no free time
throughout the day in which you're not
actually doing anything but you think
you're working or being productive it
makes every minute count by combining
the 12we plan and motion allows you to
reach your goals at a record Pace before
I started using motion my day was
significantly more disorganized I
constantly felt like I was catching up
on things or I didn't have enough time
and I didn't really know what I was
going to be doing the next day now I've
got a set of actions that I have to take
every single day that I know are going
to help me reach my goals that's a quick
look into the productivity system I use
to manage multiple agencies and jobs uh
I really think that scheduling
everything you do every day uh with you
know set habits and times is the
quickest way to achieve your goals Again
full credit for these systems goes to
Matt Shields and Matthew larison check
out their YouTube channels in the
description below as well as a link to
the uh template for the 12 be stretch
goals created by Matt Shields see you in
the next video peace